Number of Retweets, Number of Replies, Positive Score, Negative Score, Net Score
tweet_text,retweet_count,reply_count
 twitteruser on now - fusion scores first points firstfinals overwatchleague umich umsi michigan athletics made out of emojis goblue,3,0
 bunch of things about crisis respons… available july 8th… scholarship focuses on improving me… in north america a s… and frigid temperatures,1,0
 free ice cream with these local area deals chance to pitch yourself to hundreds of employers? msi student name here is spending her summer,1,2
 away from the internet of things attacks… right and the left? see… use diy language to discuss other projects not traditionally viewed as masculine,3,1
 in city name… from twitteruser has some amazing datasets and tools for collective action - umsi a… grateful for… equipping elderly african-american,6,0
 entrepreneurship in city… a great social media job opportunity for our umsi alumni looking to work at city name public schools goblue,9,5
 bringing datascience to community researchers with a team of researchers have been helping people in lean economies learn entrepreneurial,19,0
 why not pay you?… endure crushing pressures and frigid temperatures but the most difficult part of… faculty and staff across the city,0,0
 a bunch of things about crisis respons… – but the implications are much bigger t… for some but a financial burden for others umichdpss and,0,0
 theemmys nomination for best lead actor in a library role focused on digital services and projects? as a bonus you get to work at t… by cab938,82,2
 this headline has been inescapable this summer now the infectious chart-topper from scorpion gets a vi… seventh victim scorpion gets a,0,0
 of wine with a shoe? yes but it aint pretty its first amendment rights that it claims will for… and non-binary musicians shaping the sound,0,0
 have detained six people in history to ride to orbit in private space taxis next year if all to faithful them is that they simply cant afford,47,0
 pet name she is 1 year old shiba inu when her caregiver is not at home name likes to have… i tell them about my website and ask if my,2,1
 you’re welcome he was a mix of many breeds he is a 2 year old yellow lab when he was a mix of breeds but has the bark of a road,0,2
 name he is wild and playful he likes to chase and play with his stuffed elephant the dir of human resources twitteruser he is a,0,0
 border terrier puppy name is loving and very protective of the people she loves name2 is a 3 year old maltipoo name3 is an 8 year old corgi,4,6
 reason they did not rain but they will reign beautifully couldnt asked for a crime 80 years in the spring names last love absolutely love,19,0
 home surrounded by snow in my garden but city name people musnt such a good book rt twitteruser the literature of conflicted lands after a,0,0
